Here is our visualization tool for the MBTA.
On the top left of the screen, you will be
able to see a map of all MBTA train stations
for the red, orange, green and blue lines.
Each dot represents a single station, and
its color represents which line it belongs
to.
On the top right, we have a pie chart representing
the rider distribution by the time of day.
On the bottom right, we have a bar chart representing
the total ridership for each line.
On the bottom left, we have a table showing
all the stations that the user has currently
selected and its corresponding data.
The table, bar chart and pie chart are all
are linked to the map on the top left.
Since we have currently selected Harvard here,
the pie chart shows the rider distribution
for Harvard, the bar chart highlights red
because Harvard is a on the red line, and
the table shows the data for Harvard station.
Additionally, users can select more than one
station.
For example, the MBTA maintenance team wants
to find the best time of day to do maintenance
on the Harvard, Porter and Sullivan Square
stations.
As Harvard is already selected, we select
Sullivan Square and Porter on our map.
Now we see below that all these stations show
up on our table.
The bar chart now highlights orange too, as
Sullivan square belongs to the orange line.
The pie chart also updates showing data for
all three stations.
From our pie chart, we can tell that the best
time of the day to do maintenance is sometime
during the morning or the late evening.
If we want, we can always unselect stations
from our map like this, and the charts will
automatically update.
And that is how to use our visualization tool.
Thank you for watching.